# The building blocks of DialogFlow

### Agent:

DialogFlow allows you to make NLU modules, called agents (basically the face of your bot). This agent connects to your backend and provides it with business logic.

### Intent:

 An agent is made up of intents. Intents are simply actions that a user can perform on your agent. It maps what a user says to what action should be taken. They’re entry points into a conversation.

In short, a user may request the same thing in many ways, re-structuring their sentences. But in the end, they should all resolve to a single intent.

Examples of intents can be:
“What’s the weather like in Mumbai today?” or “What is the recipe for an omelet?”

You can create as many intents as your business logic desires, and even co-relate them, using **contexts**. An intent decides what API to call, with what parameters, and how to respond back, to a user’s request.

### Entity: 

An agent wouldn’t know what values to extract from a given user’s input. This is where entities come into play. Any information in a sentence, critical to your business logic, will be an entity. This includes stuff like dates, distance, currency, etc. There are system entities, provided by DialogFlow for simple things like numbers and dates. And then there are developer defined entities. For example, “category”, for a bot about Pokemon! We’ll dive into how to make a custom developer entity further in the post.

### Context:

Final concept before we can get started with coding is “Context”. This is what makes the bot truly conversational. A context-aware bot can remember things, and hold a conversation like humans do. Consider the following conversation:

“Hey, are you coming for piano practice tonight?”
“Sorry, I’ve got dinner plans.”
“Okay, what about tomorrow night then?”
“That works!”

Did you notice what just happened? The first question is straightforward to parse: The time is “tonight”, and the event, “piano practice”.

However, the second question, “Okay, what about tomorrow night then?” doesn’t specify anything about the actual event. It’s *implied* that we’re talking about “piano practice”. This sort of understanding comes naturally to us humans, but bots have to be explicitly programmed so that they understand the context across these sentences.